Differential rotation section and some figure fixes (#40)
sunpy/sunpy-1.0-paper: sections/3-coordinates.tex

In fact, HAE is actually implemented in \package{astropy.coordinates} (as \code{HeliocentricMeanEcliptic}), but the shared framework means that it can be used seamlessly in \sunpy.

\begin{figure}
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.75\textwidth]{figures/sunpy_frames.pdf}

>     \caption{Graph of possible transformations between reference frames as implemented in \package{sunpy.coordinates}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \caption{Graph of the coordinate frames accessible through \package{sunpy.coordinates}, and how they transform between each other.
    The frames within the blue box are actually implemented in \package{astropy.coordinates}, but in the shared framework, any frame can be transformed to any other frame in this graph.
```

>     The arrows indicate transformations between the different frames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     Note that coordinates can be transformed to more general astronomical coordinate frames via the HGS frame.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

These frames have axes that change orientation depending on the location of the observer, and thus the observer location is necessary to fully define the frame.
This observer location is also stored in the \code{SkyCoord} object.

> If the observer is not explicitly specified, the observer is assumed to be at Earth, which may be a sufficient approximation for most observations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the observer is not explicitly specified, the observer is assumed to be at Earth, which may be an adequate approximation for most observations.
```

Be aware that using the default observer of Earth does not fully define the frame unless the observation time is specified, since the location of Earth needs to be known.

\begin{figure}
    \gridline{\fig{figures/fig_fieldlines_aia.pdf}{0.3\textwidth}{(a)}
              \fig{figures/fig_venus_transit_1600_20120606_040729.pdf}{0.3\textwidth}{(b)}
              \fig{figures/fig_coronagraph_starfield.pdf}{0.3\textwidth}{(c)}
              }
    \caption{Several example use cases of the coordinates machinery in \sunpy.
    (a) Field lines traced from a potential field extrapolation overlaid on a 171 \AA{} AIA observation of an active region from 2019 March 10 00:00:04 UTC.
    The field extrapolation was computed with \package{pfsspy} \citep{david_stansby_2019_3237053}.

>     (b) The Venus transit as viewed by SDO/AIA in 1600 \AA. The predicted position of Venus is overplotted in helioprojective coordinates of the AIA image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (b) The Venus transit as viewed by SDO/AIA in 1600 \AA. The predicted position of Venus is overplotted in the helioprojective coordinate frame of the AIA image.
```

>     (c) A coronagraph image of the solar corona as observed by STEREO-A COR-2. The predicted positions of the stars from the Gaia DR2 catalog and Mars are overplotted.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (c) A coronagraph image of the solar corona as observed by STEREO-A COR-2. The predicted positions of stars from the Gaia DR2 catalog as well as Mars are overplotted.}
```

These functions are under \package{sunpy.coordinates.sun} and return values such as Carrington rotation number for the provided time.
Nearly all of the returned values match values in the \textit{Astronomical Almanac} to published precision (e.g., the hundredth of an arcsecond for apparent right ascension).
For times that are provided to these functions, one should take care to specify whether the time scale is UT or some other time scale (e.g., TT).

\subsection{Differential Rotation}
\label{sec:differential_rotation}

%1-2 sentences intro; 1-2 sentences describing what is new; 1 sentence that acknowledges the figure.

% Can delete the first two sentences if the background info feels unnecessary 

When analyzing the dynamics of observed solar emission, it is important to account for variations due to the rotation of the Sun.
In particular, one must account for \textit{differential rotation}, or the latitudinally-varying rotation rate due to the non-rigidity of the solar interior.
The \package{sunpy.physics.differential\_rotation} subpackage provides tools for transforming both \code{SkyCoord} coordinate and \code{Map} objects according to the differential rotation of the Sun.

> The amount of rotation can be specified using either a new time, a time interval or a new observer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of rotation can be specified using either a new time, a time interval, or a new observer location.
```

While earlier versions of \sunpy included tools for dealing with differential rotation, this release includes several improvements.
For example, applying the effect of solar differential rotation now properly accounts for the changing position of the observer.

> This can be important because observers on the Earth must take into account the solar differential rotation as well as the motion of the Earth when calculating a location on the Sun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be important because, for example, observers on the Earth must take into account the motion of the Earth in addition to solar differential rotation when calculating how much a location on the Sun appears to move.
```

> \autoref{fig:diff_rot} shows an example using a 1600 \AA{} AIA observation of how differential rotation can be applied to \code{Map} objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\autoref{fig:diff_rot} shows an example using a 1600 \AA{} AIA observation of how differential rotation can be applied to \code{Map} objects.
The image in the middle panel was observed approximately two days after the image in the top panel.
```

> The bottom panel shows the top panel differentially rotated using observer coordinate from the middle panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bottom panel shows the top panel differentially rotated using the observer location and time from the middle panel, showing the good agreement with the actual observation in the middle panel.
```

> The image in the middle panel was observed approximately two days after the image in the top panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
